# cmake-commands
## Scripting Commands
break
cmake_host_system_information
cmake_minimum_required
cmake_parse_arguments
cmake_policy
configure_file
continue
else
elseif
endforeach
endfunction
endif
endmacro
endwhile
execute_process
file
find_file
find_library
find_package
find_path
find_program
foreach
function
get_cmake_property
get_directory_property
get_filename_component
get_property
if
include
include_guard
list
macro
mark_as_advanced
math
message
option
return
separate_arguments
set
set_directory_properties
set_property
site_name
string
unset
variable_watch
while

## Project Commands
add_compile_definitions
add_compile_options
add_custom_command
add_custom_target
add_definitions
add_dependencies
add_executable
add_library
add_link_options
add_subdirectory
add_test
aux_source_directory
build_command
create_test_sourcelist
define_property
enable_language
enable_testing
export
fltk_wrap_ui
get_source_file_property
get_target_property
get_test_property
include_directories
include_external_msproject
include_regular_expression
install
link_directories
link_libraries
load_cache
project
remove_definitions
set_source_files_properties
set_target_properties
set_tests_properties
source_group
target_compile_definitions
target_compile_features
target_compile_options
target_include_directories
target_link_directories
target_link_libraries
target_link_options
target_precompile_headers
target_sources
try_compile
try_run

## CTest Commands
ctest_build
ctest_configure
ctest_coverage
ctest_empty_binary_directory
ctest_memcheck
ctest_read_custom_files
ctest_run_script
ctest_sleep
ctest_start
ctest_submit
ctest_test
ctest_update
ctest_upload

## Deprecated Commands
build_name
exec_program
export_library_dependencies
install_files
install_programs
install_targets
load_command
make_directory
output_required_files
qt_wrap_cpp
qt_wrap_ui
remove
subdir_depends
subdirs
use_mangled_mesa
utility_source
variable_requires
write_file


# cmake-modules
## AddFileDependencies
add_file_dependencies

## AndroidTestUtilities
android_add_test_data

## BundleUtilities
fixup_bundle
copy_and_fixup_bundle
verify_app
get_bundle_main_executable
get_dotapp_dir
get_bundle_and_executable
get_bundle_all_executables
get_item_key
get_item_rpaths
clear_bundle_keys
set_bundle_key_values
get_bundle_keys
copy_resolved_item_into_bundle
copy_resolved_framework_into_bundle
fixup_bundle_item
verify_bundle_prerequisites
verify_bundle_symlinks

## CheckCCompilerFlag
check_c_compiler_flag

## CheckCSourceCompiles
check_c_source_compiles

## CheckCSourceRuns
check_c_source_runs

## CheckCXXCompilerFlag
check_cxx_compiler_flag

## CheckCXXSourceCompiles
check_cxx_source_compiles

## CheckCXXSourceRuns
check_cxx_source_runs

## CheckCXXSymbolExists
check_cxx_symbol_exists

## CheckFortranCompilerFlag
check_fortran_compiler_flag

## CheckFortranFunctionExists
check_fortran_function_exists

## CheckFortranSourceCompiles
check_fortran_source_compiles
## CheckFortranSourceRuns
check_fortran_source_runs

## CheckFunctionExists
check_function_exists

## CheckIPOSupported
check_ipo_supported

## CheckIncludeFileCXX
check_include_file_cxx

## CheckIncludeFile
check_include_file

## CheckIncludeFiles
check_include_files

## CheckLanguage
check_language

## CheckLibraryExists
check_library_exists

## CheckLinkerFlag
check_linker_flag

## CheckOBJCCompilerFlag
check_objc_compiler_flag

## CheckOBJCSourceCompiles
check_objc_source_compiles

## CheckOBJCSourceRuns
check_objc_source_runs

## CheckOBJCXXCompilerFlag
check_objcxx_compiler_flag

## CheckOBJCXXSourceCompiles
check_objcxx_source_compiles

## CheckOBJCXXSourceRuns
check_objcxx_source_runs

## CheckPIESupported
check_pie_supported

## CheckPrototypeDefinition
check_prototype_definition

## CheckStructHasMember
check_struct_has_member

## CheckSymbolExists
check_symbol_exists

## CheckTypeSize
check_type_size

## CheckVariableExists
check_variable_exists

## CMakeAddFortranSubdirectory
cmake_add_fortran_subdirectory

## CMakeBackwardCompatibilityCXX

## CMakeDependentOption
cmake_dependent_option

## CMakeFindDependencyMacro
find_dependency

## CMakeFindFrameworks
cmake_find_frameworks

## CMakeFindPackageMode

## CMakeGraphVizOptions

## CMakePackageConfigHelpers
configure_package_config_file
write_basic_package_version_file

## CMakePrintHelpers
cmake_print_properties
cmake_print_variables

## CMakePrintSystemInformation

## CMakePushCheckState
cmake_push_check_state
cmake_pop_check_state
cmake_reset_check_state

## CMakeVerifyManifest

## CPackComponent
cpack_add_component
cpack_add_component_group
cpack_add_install_type
cpack_configure_downloads

## CPackIFW
cpack_ifw_configure_component
cpack_ifw_configure_component_group
cpack_ifw_add_repository
cpack_ifw_update_repository
cpack_ifw_add_package_resources

## CPackIFWConfigureFile
cpack_ifw_configure_file

## CPack

## CSharpUtilities
csharp_get_dependentupon_name
csharp_get_filename_key_base
csharp_get_filename_keys
csharp_set_designer_cs_properties
csharp_set_windows_forms_properties
csharp_set_xaml_cs_properties

## CTest

## CTestCoverageCollectGCOV
ctest_coverage_collect_gcov

## CTestScriptMode

## CTestUseLaunchers

## Dart

## DeployQt4
write_qt4_conf
resolve_qt4_paths
fixup_qt4_executable
install_qt4_executable
install_qt4_plugin
install_qt4_plugin_path

## Documentation

## ExternalData
externaldata_expand_arguments
externaldata_add_test
externaldata_add_target

## ExternalProject
externalproject_add
externalproject_add_step
externalproject_add_stepdependencies
externalproject_add_steptargets
externalproject_get_property

## FeatureSummary
feature_summary
set_package_properties
add_feature_info

## FetchContent
fetchcontent_declare
fetchcontent_getproperties
fetchcontent_makeavailable
fetchcontent_populate

## FindPackageHandleStandardArgs
find_package_handle_standard_args

## FindPackageMessage
find_package_message

## FortranCInterface
fortrancinterface_header
fortrancinterface_verify

## GenerateExportHeader
generate_export_header

## GetPrerequisites
get_prerequisites
list_prerequisites
list_prerequisites_by_glob
gp_append_unique
is_file_executable
gp_item_default_embedded_path
gp_file_type
gp_resolved_file_type
gp_resolve_item

## GNUInstallDirs
gnuinstalldirs_get_absolute_install_dir

## GoogleTest
gtest_add_tests
gtest_discover_tests

## InstallRequiredSystemLibraries

## ProcessorCount
processorcount

## SelectLibraryConfigurations
select_library_configurations

## SquishTestScript

## TestBigEndian
test_big_endian

## TestForANSIForScope

## TestForANSIStreamHeaders

## TestForSSTREAM

## TestForSTDNamespace

## UseEcos
ecos_add_executable
ecos_add_include_directories
ecos_adjust_directory
ecos_use_arm_elf_tools
ecos_use_i386_elf_tools
ecos_use_ppc_eabi_tools

## UseJavaClassFilelist

## UseJava
add_jar
install_jar
install_jar_exports
install_jni_symlink
export_jars
find_jar
create_javadoc
create_javah

## UseJavaSymlinks

## UseSWIG
swig_add_library
swig_link_libraries

## UsewxWidgets

## WriteCompilerDetectionHeader
write_compiler_detection_header